task1: what is recursion , tabulation, memoization
Recursion:
Recursion is defined as a process which calls itself directly or indirectly
Memoization is a top-down approach where we cache the results of function calls and return
the cached result if the function is called again with the same inputs. It is used when we
can divide the problem into subproblems and the subproblems have overlapping subproblems. 
Memoization is typically implemented using recursion and is well-suited for problems that 
have a relatively small set of inputs.

Tabulation is a bottom-up approach where we store the results of the subproblems in a table 
and use these results to solve larger subproblems until we solve the entire problem. It is 
used when we can define the problem as a sequence of subproblems and the subproblems do not 
overlap. Tabulation is typically implemented using iteration and is well-suited for problems 
that have a large set of inputs.

task2:what are the processors of iphone

task3: what is solid principles
The Single-responsibility principle: "There should never be more than one reason for a class to change."[5] In other words, every class should have only one responsibility.[6]
The Open–closed principle: "Software entities ... should be open for extension, but closed for modification."[7]
The Liskov substitution principle: "Functions that use pointers or references to base classes must be able to use objects of derived classes without knowing it."[8] See also design by contract.[8]
The Interface segregation principle: "Clients should not be forced to depend upon interfaces that they do not use."[9][4]
The Dependency inversion principle: "Depend upon abstractions, [not] concretions."[10][4]

task4: what is cornjobs
cron is an automation tool, so anything that you run on a regular basis can likely be switched over to a cron 
job. If you wanted to make regular daily backups, or restart a service once a week, cron can do that.

task5: scrab anyweb and store the data in a csv file
task6: what is the differnece between iloc and loc
loc gets rows (and/or columns) with particular labels.

iloc gets rows (and/or columns) at integer locations.
task7: sign up in kaggle, search for titanic, get any dataset and work on it